[PR-1] Nextjs application (#1)
Women-Coding-Community/wcc-frontend: README.md

<div style="display: flex; justify-content:center; padding-bottom: 50px">
  <img src="public/logo_white.png" alt="WCC Logo White" width="200" height="200">
</div>

> 

Reviewer: also this is nice: 

```
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
```

Author: never seen or used that before 😅 - but we can add that later. What's the URL for those? 🤔

Reviewer: It will show in the README the amount of forks, stars, issues and etc. 

![image](https://github.com/Women-Coding-Community/wcc-frontend/assets/3664747/68eabbd0-bdb0-431c-91ee-7f0801342f89)

Author: added 👍

# WCC Frontend Application

> This is the FE application (NextJS) for WCC main website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the FE application (NextJS) for Women Coding Community website.
```
